Exprees server application



Create and use at least two pieces of custom middleware.
Create and use error-handling middleware.
Use at least three different data categories (e.g., users, posts, or comments).

Utilize reasonable data structuring practices.

Create GET routes for all data that should be exposed to the client.

Create POST routes for data, as appropriate. At least one data category should allow for client creation via a POST request.


Create PATCH or PUT routes for data, as appropriate. At least one data category should allow for client manipulation via a PATCH or PUT request.


Create DELETE routes for data, as appropriate. At least one data category should allow for client deletion via a DELETE request.

Include query parameters for data filtering, where appropriate. At least one data category should allow for additional filtering through the use of query parameters.
Utilize route parameters, where appropriate.
Adhere to the guiding principles of REST.
Create and render at least one view using a view template and template engine. This can be a custom template engine or a third-party engine.
If you are stuck on how to approach this, think about ways you could render the current state of your API's data for easy viewing.

Use simple CSS to style the rendered views.
Note: This is not a test of design; it is a test of serving static files using Express. The CSS can be very simple.

Include a form within a rendered view that allows for interaction with your RESTful API.

Utilize reasonable code organization practices.

Ensure that the program runs without errors (comment out things that do not work, and explain your blockers - you can still receive partial credit).

Include a practical usage of regular expressions within route paths.

Research and effectively use at least one third-party Node package for practical, sensible purposes.
This cannot be a package that has been used in examples and lesson materials thus far. Step outside the box and be creative! 











